DX Guide: Using Organization Slugs in URLs (#1664)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/guides/using-org-slugs.mdx

---

> title: 'Using organization slugs in URLs'

Reviewer: Update to use active voice!

```suggestion
title: 'Use organization slugs in URLs'
```

description: Learn how to use organization slugs in URLs to manage the active Clerk organization.
---

<TutorialHero
  beforeYouStart={[
    {
      title: "Set up a Next.js + Clerk application",
      link: "/docs/quickstarts/nextjs",
      icon: "nextjs",
    },
    {
      title: "Enable organizations for your instance",
      link: "/docs/organizations/overview",
      icon: "globe",
    },
    {

>       title: "Explore the full sample repository on GitHub",

Reviewer: so `<TutorialHero />` accepts an `exampleRepo` prop that, in this case, would look something like this:

```
exampleRepo={[
    {
      title: "Sync org with URL demo",
      link: "https://github.com/clerk/orgs/tree/main/examples/sync-org-with-url"

    }
  ]}
```

>       title: "Explore the full sample repository on GitHub",

Author: Oh nice, thank you!
4c4769eac0c2284452f2a08c5cdde9d233a26385

      link: "https://github.com/clerk/orgs/tree/main/examples/sync-org-with-url",
      icon: "git",
    }
  ]}
>
  - Allow users to choose an organization slug
  - Include an organization slug in your URLs
  - Render organization-specific content
</TutorialHero>

## Introduction

In this guide, you will learn how to include an organization slug in your application's URLs, and
how to render information about the user's active organization at runtime.

## Background

With [Organizations](/docs/organizations/overview), users can create entities that represent their companies within your
application. Users can be members of multiple organizations, but can only have one
[active organization](/docs/organizations/overview#active-organization) at any given time. Clerk automatically sets organizations as
active when a user picks an organization with a pre-built component (e.g. the

> [Organization Switcher](/docs/components/organization/organization-switcher)), and Clerk provides
> APIs (like [<code>auth()</code>](/docs/references/nextjs/auth) and [<code>useAuth()</code>](/docs/references/react/use-auth)), that let you determine the active organization and render the appropriate
> content.

Reviewer: When we reference a component, like `<OrganizationSwitcher />`, the format needs to be as it would be in code.

Also, we prefer to use backticks over `<code>` as its more readable in a MDX file.

 ```suggestion
[`<OrganizationSwitcher />`](/docs/components/organization/organization-switcher)). Additionally, Clerk provides APIs such as [`auth()`](/docs/references/nextjs/auth) and [`useAuth()`](/docs/references/react/use-auth)) that let you determine the active organization and render the appropriate content accordingly.
```

A relatively common practice is to represent organization-scoped spaces within an app by prefixing
URLs with an organization slug. For example, imagine a B2B application named "Petstore" that has
two customers, "Acmecorp" and "Widgetco". The application may choose to have urls like:

> `https://petstore.example.com/orgs/`<b>`acmecorp`</b>`/dashboard` ⬅ indicates **Acmecorp**'s dashboard
> `https://petstore.example.com/orgs/`<b>`widgetco`</b>`/dashboard` ⬅ indicates **Widgetco**'s dashboard

Reviewer: Avoid use of emoji's in copy!

```suggestion
`https://petstore.example.com/orgs/`<b>`acmecorp`</b>`/dashboard` indicates **Acmecorp**'s dashboard
`https://petstore.example.com/orgs/`<b>`widgetco`</b>`/dashboard` indicates **Widgetco**'s dashboard
```

It is also possible to use an [organization ID](/docs/references/javascript/organization/organization#properties) to
indicate the active organization in URLs:

> `https://petstore.example.com/orgs/`<b>`org_1a2b3c4d5e6f7g8e`</b>`/dashboard` ⬅ **Acmecorp's ID** indicates Acmecorp's dashboard

Reviewer: what do you mean by Acmecorp's ID here? Did you mean Acemecorp's organization ID?

```suggestion
`https://petstore.example.com/orgs/`<b>`org_1a2b3c4d5e6f7g8e`</b>`/dashboard` **Acmecorp's ID** indicates Acmecorp's dashboard
```

Author: Oh yes, I mean organization id!

Clarified: f7bb4b5a4e7636f88c702598ba7c39a0ce527249

This guide will focus on using a human-comprehensible slug, but IDs are just as well-supported in Clerk's component
configuration.

> [!CAUTION]
> Think carefully about whether you need to include organization slugs in URLs! Consider:
>
> - Will organization-specific links be more useful to your users than
>   organization-agnostic links? If most users will only ever be in one organization (that represents
>   their company), they won't need the slug to disambiguate the organization when sharing
>   links with their coworkers. Public documentation, marketing, and third-party blogs are also
>   made easier to write if links aren't tied to any specific organization.
> - Adding an additional piece of state (i.e. the URL) that indicates the organization will require additional
>   complexity in your application, as opposed to managing it soley and transparently in the Clerk
>   session.
>
> We recommend against including organization slugs in URLs. If your application

> > does have this requirement though, this guide will cover the best practices for doing so with a Next.js application.

Author: A pairing session would be great! I don't see a good way to hoist this above the background where we explain the premise of org slugs in URLs.

> > does have this requirement though, this guide will cover the best practices for doing so with a Next.js application.

Author: Actually, I think direct hoist isn't bad!

7da51941bf07b6b9ae96ab8c736eb59e9b506bae

      export default function Sidebar() {
        return (
          <OrganizationSwitcher
            // prettier-ignore
            hidePersonal={false}
            hideSlug={false}
            afterCreateOrganizationUrl="/orgs/:slug"
            afterSelectOrganizationUrl="/orgs/:slug"
            afterSelectPersonalUrl="/me"
          />
        )
      }
      ```
    </Tab>

    <Tab>
      ```tsx {{ filename: 'app/organization-list/[[...organization-list]]/page.tsx', mark: [6] }}
      import { OrganizationList } from '@clerk/nextjs'

      export default function OrganizationListPage() {
        return (
          <OrganizationList
            // prettier-ignore
            hidePersonal={false}
            hideSlug={false}
            afterCreateOrganizationUrl="/orgs/:slug"
            afterSelectOrganizationUrl="/orgs/:slug"
            afterSelectPersonalUrl="/me"
          />
        )
      }
      ```
    </Tab>
  </Tabs>

  > [!TIP]
  > If you prefer to have an [organization ID](/docs/references/javascript/organization/organization#properties) appear in
  > your URL rather than a slug, you can use `:id` instead of `:slug` with both `afterCreateOrganizationUrl` and

>   > `afterSelectOrganizationUrl`.

Author: It's more like "if your app uses organization IDs instead of slugs in URLs, you'll need to use :id instead if :slug to for navigation to work". I'll workshop another less-personal version.

>   > `afterSelectOrganizationUrl`.

Author: how about 9b2d01ed9ecd751f8caaeecf30270396f779cc5a
?

  ### Using `clerkMiddleware` to set the active organization

>   With [clerkMiddleware](https://clerk.com/docs/references/nextjs/clerk-middleware), you can
>   declare URL patterns that indicate that a specific organization or the user's [personal account](/docs/organizations/organization-workspaces#organization-workspaces-in-the-clerk-dashboard:~:text=Personal%20account)
>   should be activated.
> 
>   If the middleware detects one
>   of these patterns in the URL, and it notices that a different organization is
>   currently active according to the session, it will activate the indicated organization if
>   possible.

Reviewer: clerkMiddleware() needs to be in a code snippet, and with parens:

```suggestion
  With [`clerkMiddleware()`](https://clerk.com/docs/references/nextjs/clerk-middleware), you can declare URL patterns that determine whether a specific organization or the user's personal account should be activated.
	
	If the middleware detects one of these patterns in the URL and finds that a different organization is active in the session, it'll attempt to activate the specified organization.
```

  > Clerk session.

  See the documentation for [organizationSyncOptions](/docs/references/nextjs/clerk-middleware#organization-sync-options)
  for more specific usage of the middleware options.

  ```tsx {{ filename: 'middleware.ts' }}
  import { clerkMiddleware } from '@clerk/nextjs/server'

  export default clerkMiddleware(
    (auth, req) => {
      // Add your middleware checks
    },
    {
      organizationSyncOptions: {
        organizationPatterns: ['/orgs/:slug', '/orgs/:slug/(.*)'],
        personalAccountPatterns: ['/me', '/me/(.*)'],
      },
    },
  )

  export const config = {
    matcher: [
      // Skip Next.js internals and all static files, unless found in search params
      '/((?!_next|[^?]*\\.(?:html?|css|js(?!on)|jpe?g|webp|png|gif|svg|ttf|woff2?|ico|csv|docx?|xlsx?|zip|webmanifest)).*)',
      // Always run for API routes
      '/(api|trpc)(.*)',
    ],
  }
  ```

  > [!TIP]
  > If you prefer to have an [organization ID](/docs/references/javascript/organization/organization#properties)
  > appear in your URL rather than slugs, you can use `:id` placeholder instead of `:slug` in both `organizationPatterns`

>   > and `personalAccountPatterns`.

Author: It's the same general idea, but applied to the middleware fields as opposed to the OrganizationSwitcher fields.

I could say something more concise like "You can substitute :id for :slug in the same way as the above example", but I don't like assuming that someone is going to read the whole guide start-to-finish. Personally, I often jump right to the section i'm interested in and start reading, and I think a little bit of repetition is worth it to make that experience complete.

  ### Building a component

>   Now that `clerkMiddleware` is configured to activate organizations, you can build an organization-specific home page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Now that `clerkMiddleware()` is configured to activate organizations, you can build an organization-specific home page.
```

        if (!organization || organization.slug != params.slug) {
          return (
            <>
              <p>Sorry, organization {params.slug} is not valid.</p>
              <OrganizationList
                hidePersonal={false}
                hideSlug={false}
                afterCreateOrganizationUrl="/orgs/:slug"
                afterSelectOrganizationUrl="/orgs/:slug"
                afterSelectPersonalUrl="/me"
              />
            </>
          )
        }

        return <div>{organization && <h2>Welcome to organization {organization.name}</h2>}</div>
      }
      ```
    </Tab>
  </Tabs>
</Steps>

### Further Reading

To see all of these pages working in the context of an application, visit the
[sync-orgs-with-url](https://github.com/clerk/orgs/tree/main/examples/sync-org-with-url) sample repository on Github.

The active organization can also be controlled via the client-side [setActive](https://clerk.com/docs/references/javascript/clerk/session-methods)
session method. See our [Hide Personal Accounts and force organizations](https://clerk.com/docs/guides/force-organizations#set-an-active-organization-based-on-the-url)

> guide to learn how to manually activate a specific organization based on the URL.

Author: Is there another way you'd recommend working in the additional info, or just drop the section?

> guide to learn how to manually activate a specific organization based on the URL.

Author: 👍 

c924ca3141f3bee5f8493b13eed14903e7e7305a

two customers, "Acmecorp" and "Widgetco". The application may choose to have urls like:

`https://petstore.example.com/orgs/`<b>`acmecorp`</b>`/dashboard` ⬅ indicates **Acmecorp**'s dashboard
`https://petstore.example.com/orgs/`<b>`widgetco`</b>`/dashboard` ⬅ indicates **Widgetco**'s dashboard

It is also possible to use an [organization ID](/docs/references/javascript/organization/organization#properties) to
indicate the active organization in URLs:

`https://petstore.example.com/orgs/`<b>`org_1a2b3c4d5e6f7g8e`</b>`/dashboard` ⬅ **Acmecorp's ID** indicates Acmecorp's dashboard

This guide will focus on using a human-comprehensible slug, but IDs are just as well-supported in Clerk's component
configuration.

> [!CAUTION]
> Think carefully about whether you need to include organization slugs in URLs! Consider:
>
> - Will organization-specific links be more useful to your users than
>   organization-agnostic links? If most users will only ever be in one organization (that represents
>   their company), they won't need the slug to disambiguate the organization when sharing
>   links with their coworkers. Public documentation, marketing, and third-party blogs are also

> >   made easier to write if links aren't tied to any specific organization.

Author: Does this feel clear enough to folks? If not, I can add an example. It would be something like:

> For example, if someone is writing a public post that includes a link to settings, if that link is `/orgs/acmecorp/settings`, it will only be useful to employees of Acmecorp! If the URL is just `/settings`, then it's universally applicable and automatically contextualized into the click-er's organization by virtue of the organization encoded on the Clerk session.

> - Adding an additional piece of state (i.e. the URL) that indicates the organization will require additional
>   complexity in your application, as opposed to managing it soley and transparently in the Clerk
>   session.
>
> We at Clerk generally recommend against including organization slugs in URLs. If your application
> does have this requirement though, this guide will cover the best practices for doing so with a NextJS application.

<Steps>
  ### Defining URL patterns

  To begin, you can define which sections of your application are scoped to organizations and which belong to
  the [personal account](https://clerk.com/glossary#personal-account). For this example, we'll assume that the prefix
  `/orgs/` indicates that an organization is active, followed by the organization slug, and the prefix `/me/` indicates that the
  personal account is active.

>   | URL | What should be active? | What should be displayed? |

Author: Can you elaborate a bit here? What are examples of what would be returned by the `auth` helper?

With this section, i'm attempting to define the application's requirements in a fairly clerk-agnostic way, so that I can then show how it can be modeled using clerk.

>   | URL | What should be active? | What should be displayed? |

Reviewer 2: I meant what's returned as the `orgSlug` from `auth`. Not necessary this would be used within a server component to be displayed, it could also be used within a server action. 

But I understand your goal here and it also looks good to me since this guide is mostly components-based, feel free to go according to your preference.

  | - | - | - |
  | `/orgs/acmecorp` | Organization Acmecorp | Acmecorp's home |
  | `/orgs/acmecorp/settings` | Organization Acmecorp | Acmecorp's settings |
  | `/me` | Personal account | Personal home |
  | `/me/settings` | Personal account | Personal settings |

  ### Configuring the Organization Switcher

  The [Organization Switcher](/docs/components/organization/organization-switcher) and
  [Organization List](/docs/components/organization/organization-list) components each have a powerful set of options for
  working with slugs and IDs.

>   This sample application uses the [personal account](https://clerk.com/glossary#personal-account), so you can set `hidePersonal` to `false` to ensure the personal

Author: Kind of! What I mean is something like:

The hypothetical application that we'll be fleshing out in this guide (which can also be examined in full at  https://github.com/clerk/orgs/tree/main/examples/sync-org-with-url) uses the personal account.

Do you think that a bare `This` is clear enough?

            hidePersonal={false}
            hideSlug={false}
            afterCreateOrganizationUrl="/orgs/:slug"
            afterSelectOrganizationUrl="/orgs/:slug"
            afterSelectPersonalUrl="/me"
          />
        )
      }
      ```
    </Tab>

    <Tab>
      ```tsx {{ filename: 'app/organization-list/[[...organization-list]]/page.tsx', mark: [6] }}
      import { OrganizationList } from '@clerk/nextjs'

      export default function OrganizationListPage() {
        return (
          <OrganizationList
            // prettier-ignore
            hidePersonal={false}
            hideSlug={false}
            afterCreateOrganizationUrl="/orgs/:slug"
            afterSelectOrganizationUrl="/orgs/:slug"
            afterSelectPersonalUrl="/me"
          />
        )
      }
      ```
    </Tab>
  </Tabs>

  > [!TIP]
  > If you prefer to have an [organization ID](/docs/references/javascript/organization/organization#properties) appear in
  > your URL rather than a slug, you can use `:id` instead of `:slug` with both `afterCreateOrganizationUrl` and
  > `afterSelectOrganizationUrl`.

  ### Using clerkMiddleware to set the active organization

>   With [clerkMiddleware](https://clerk.com/docs/references/nextjs/clerk-middleware), you can

Author: 👍 e56fb5416b0b5b8113d56f76ed2871c1a11207e5

  declare URL patterns that indicate that a specific organization or the user's [personal account](https://clerk.com/glossary#personal-account)
  should be activated. If the middleware detects one
  of these patterns in the URL, and it notices that a different organization is
  currently active according to the session, it will activate the indicated organization if
  possible.

  > [!NOTE]

>   > Implementation Detail: To resolve a mismatch, Clerk middleware initiaties a [Handshake](docs/references/sdk/terminology#:~:text=each:Handshake).

Reviewer 2: How useful this information would be to developers? What do you think of removing this part?

I think a handshake is an implementation detail that we mostly expose/educate for SDK development: https://clerk.com/docs/pr/1664/references/sdk/fullstack#add-handshake-support

Reviewer: No, we don't have docs on the handshake yet. 

I'm in favour of removing this

Author: 👍  Away it goes!

44b5482fff38ab78f72e46ad80a6e7897af7fd74

  > The middleware will respond to the browser with a redirect to Clerk's API with a request to activate the URL-indicated
  > organization. If it's possible to do so, Clerk's API will respond with a redirect back to the original URL, including
  > a session token with the desired organization as active and redirect back to your application.

  For this application, the path `/orgs/:slug` with any optional trailing path segments should activate the
  organization indicated by the slug. To achieve this, you can define two `organizationPatterns`: one for the
  root (e.g. `/orgs/acmecorp`), and one using the wildcard matcher `(.*)` that will match
  `/orgs/acmecorp/any/other/resource`.

  You can use the same approach for the [personal account](https://clerk.com/glossary#personal-account) with `personalAccountPatterns`.

>   > [!WARNING]
>   > It may not always be possible to activate the organization requested in the URL. This can happen if no organization
>   > with the given slug exists, or the user isn't a member of the given organization. In these cases, clerkMiddleware
>   > **will not modify** the active organization, leaving as active whichever organization was previously active on the
>   > clerk session.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  > [!WARNING]
  > If no organization with the given slug exists, or the user isn't a member of the given organization, then `clerkMiddleware`
  > **will not modify** the active organization, leaving whichever was previously active on the
  > Clerk session.
```

  See the documentation for [organizationSyncOptions](/docs/references/nextjs/clerk-middleware#organization-sync-options)
  for more specific usage of the middleware options.

>   ```tsx {{ filename: 'middleware.ts' }}
>   import { clerkMiddleware } from '@clerk/nextjs/server'
> 
>   export default clerkMiddleware(
>     (auth, req) => {
>       if (isProtectedRoute(req)) auth().protect()
>     },
>     {
>       organizationSyncOptions: {
>         organizationPatterns: ['/orgs/:slug', '/orgs/:slug/(.*)'],
>         personalAccountPatterns: ['/me', '/me/(.*)'],
>       },
>     },
>   )
> 
>   export const config = {
>     matcher: [
>       // Skip Next.js internals and all static files, unless found in search params
>       '/((?!_next|[^?]*\\.(?:html?|css|js(?!on)|jpe?g|webp|png|gif|svg|ttf|woff2?|ico|csv|docx?|xlsx?|zip|webmanifest)).*)',
>       // Always run for API routes
>       '/(api|trpc)(.*)',
>     ],
>   }

Reviewer 2: We're not defining `isProtectedRoute`, and I also think we can skip the middleware checks here to highlight `organizationSyncOptions`:
```suggestion
  ```tsx {{ filename: 'middleware.ts' }}
  import { clerkMiddleware } from '@clerk/nextjs/server'

  export default clerkMiddleware(
    (auth, req) => {
         // Add your middleware checks
    },
    {
      organizationSyncOptions: {
        organizationPatterns: ['/orgs/:slug', '/orgs/:slug/(.*)'],
        personalAccountPatterns: ['/me', '/me/(.*)'],
      },
    },
  )

  export const config = {
    matcher: [
      // Skip Next.js internals and all static files, unless found in search params
      '/((?!_next|[^?]*\\.(?:html?|css|js(?!on)|jpe?g|webp|png|gif|svg|ttf|woff2?|ico|csv|docx?|xlsx?|zip|webmanifest)).*)',
      // Always run for API routes
      '/(api|trpc)(.*)',
    ],
  }
```

  ```

  > [!TIP]
  > If you prefer to have an [organization ID](/docs/references/javascript/organization/organization#properties)
  > appear in your URL rather than slugs, you can use `:id` placeholder instead of `:slug` in both `organizationPatterns`
  > and `personalAccountPatterns`.

>   ### Server Rendered Organization Page

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ### Building server-rendered page
```

>   Now that clerkMiddleware is configured to activate organizations, you can build an organization-specific home page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Now that `clerkMiddleware` is configured to activate organizations, you can build an organization-specific home page.
```

  First, you must handle the case where the middleware cannot activate the organization based on the URL. This can
  happen if no organization with the given slug exists, or if the given user isn't a member of the organization.

  When this happens, the middleware will not change the active organization, so whatever organization was previously
  active will remain active. To help with troubleshooting, a message will also be emitted by the middleware to the server
  log:

  > Clerk: Organization activation handshake loop detected. This is likely due to an invalid organization ID or slug.
  > Skipping organization activation.

  > [!CAUTION]

>   > It is ultimately the responsibility of the page to ensure that it renders the appropriate content for a given URL, and

Reviewer 2: IMO those "caution" blocks can be a bit alarming to developers. I'd suggest removing this block and putting more specific guidance with comments on the code block below.

Author: I'll be honest, inspiring mild alarm in the reader is what I was going for. If a developer were to just look at the organization slug in the URL, assume this meant that the middleware authorized access to the org, then render some sensitive org-specific content from their backend, that would be a very bad bug.

Hey @BRKalow , do you happen to have an opinion on the best way to communicate this one?

  > to handle the case where the expected organization is not active. In this case, we detect the actual organization slug
  > as a NextJS [Dynamic Route](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/dynamic-routes) param, and
  > compare it to the active organization slug. If they don't match, we render an error message and the [Organization List](/docs/components/organization/organization-list)
  > component to allow the user to select a valid organization.

  ```tsx {{ filename: 'src/app/orgs/[slug]/page.tsx' }}
  import { auth } from '@clerk/nextjs/server'
  import { OrganizationList } from '@clerk/nextjs'

>   export default function Home({ params }: { params: { slug: string } }) {
>     const authObject = auth()
>     const orgSlug = authObject.orgSlug
> 
>     if (params.slug != orgSlug) {
>       return (
>         <>
>           <p>Sorry, organization {params.slug} is not valid.</p>
>           <OrganizationList
>             hidePersonal={false}
>             hideSlug={false}
>             afterCreateOrganizationUrl="/orgs/:slug"
>             afterSelectOrganizationUrl="/orgs/:slug"
>             afterSelectPersonalUrl="/me"
>           />
>         </>
>       )
>     }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  export default function Home({ params }: { params: { slug: string } }) {
    const { orgSlug } = auth()
   
    // Verify mismatch between route param and active organization slug from user's session 
    if (params.slug != orgSlug) {
      return (
        <>
          <p>Sorry, organization {params.slug} is not valid.</p>
          <OrganizationList
            hidePersonal={false}
            hideSlug={false}
            afterCreateOrganizationUrl="/orgs/:slug"
            afterSelectOrganizationUrl="/orgs/:slug"
            afterSelectPersonalUrl="/me"
          />
        </>
      )
    }
```

Another suggestion would also be to return a https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/functions/not-found

  organization (`authObject.orgRole`), which is included in the [default session claims](https://clerk.com/docs/backend-requests/resources/session-tokens#default-session-claims).

  ```tsx {{ filename: 'src/app/orgs/[slug]/page.tsx' }}
  import { auth } from '@clerk/nextjs/server'
  import { OrganizationList } from '@clerk/nextjs'

  export default function Home({ params }: { params: { slug: string } }) {
    const authObject = auth()
    const orgSlug = authObject.orgSlug

    if (params.slug != orgSlug) {
      return (
        <>
          <p className="pb-8">Sorry, organization {params.slug} is not valid.</p>
          <OrganizationList
            hidePersonal={false}
            hideSlug={false}
            afterCreateOrganizationUrl="/orgs/:slug"
            afterSelectOrganizationUrl="/orgs/:slug"
            afterSelectPersonalUrl="/me"
          />
        </>
      )
    }
    let orgName = authObject.sessionClaims['org_name'] as string

    return (
      <div>
        {orgName && <h2>Welcome to organization {orgName}</h2>}
        <p>
          Your role in this organization: <span>{authObject.orgRole}</span>
        </p>
      </div>
    )
  }
  ```

>   ### Client-side Routing

Reviewer 2: What do you think of moving this example to the same section as `[Server Rendered Organization Page](https://clerk.com/docs/pr/1664/guides/using-org-slugs#server-rendered-organization-page)`

We could update the title, and include two tabs of code snippets between app router and pages router.

I think it's better for developers to make this distinction on the actual code snippet, rather then having to scroll down to a specific section.

Author: I like that idea! I'll try it out.

Author: 90a4442713667c1881425bd6b6c6ba5d5804de28

I like that better!
